word_pairs/[male - female].txt
word_pairs/[lower - upper].txt
word_pairs/[country - capital].txt
word_pairs/[German - English].txt
word_pairs/[English - Dutch].txt
word_pairs/[Swedish - English].txt
word_pairs/[English - Italian].txt
word_pairs/[Portuguese - English].txt
word_pairs/[Spanish - English].txt
word_pairs/[English - French].txt
word_pairs/[French - German].txt
word_pairs/[Spanish - French].txt
word_pairs/[French - Portuguese].txt
word_pairs/[Italian - French].txt
word_pairs/[French - Swedish].txt
word_pairs/[French - Dutch].txt
word_pairs/[German - Dutch].txt
word_pairs/[German - Spanish].txt
word_pairs/[Swedish - German].txt
word_pairs/[German - Italian].txt
word_pairs/[Portuguese - German].txt
word_pairs/[Dutch - Spanish].txt
word_pairs/[Spanish - Portuguese].txt
word_pairs/[Italian - Spanish].txt
word_pairs/[Spanish - Swedish].txt
word_pairs/[Dutch - Swedish].txt
word_pairs/[Dutch - Portuguese].txt
word_pairs/[Italian - Dutch].txt
word_pairs/[Swedish - Italian].txt
word_pairs/[Italian - Portuguese].txt
word_pairs/[Portuguese - Swedish].txt
